Clean up Kafka supervisor topic (#14651)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md

}
```

## Consumer properties

Consumer properties must contain a property `bootstrap.servers` with a list of Kafka brokers in the form: `<BROKER_1>:<PORT_1>,<BROKER_2>:<PORT_2>,...`.
By default, `isolation.level` is set to `read_committed`. If you use older versions of Kafka servers without transactions support or don't want Druid to consume only committed transactions, set `isolation.level` to `read_uncommitted`.

> In some cases, you may need to fetch consumer properties at runtime. For example, when `bootstrap.servers` is Not kNown upfront, or is Not static. To enable SSL connections, you must provide passwords for `keystore`, `truststore` and `key` secretly. You can provide configurations at runtime with a dynamic config provider implementation like the environment variable config provider that comes with Druid. For more information, see [Dynamic config provider](../../operations/dynamic-config-provider.md).

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may need to fetch consumer properties at runtime. For example, when `bootstrap.servers` is not known upfront, or is not static. To enable SSL connections, you must provide passwords for `keystore`, `truststore` and `key` secretly. You can provide configurations at runtime with a dynamic config provider implementation like the environment variable config provider that comes with Druid. For more information, see [Dynamic config provider](../../operations/dynamic-config-provider.md).
```

|`maxBytesInMemory`|Long|The number of bytes to aggregate in heap memory before persisting. This is based on a rough estimate of memory usage and not actual usage. Normally, this is computed internally. The maximum heap memory usage for indexing is `maxBytesInMemory * (2 + maxPendingPersists)`.|No|One-sixth of max JVM memory|
|`skipBytesInMemoryOverheadCheck`|Boolean|The calculation of `maxBytesInMemory` takes into account overhead objects created during ingestion and each intermediate persist. To exclude the bytes of these overhead objects from the `maxBytesInMemory` check, set `skipBytesInMemoryOverheadCheck` to `true`.|No|`false`|

> |`maxRowsPerSegment`|Integer|The number of rows to aggregate into a segment; this number is post-aggregation rows. Handoff occurs when `maxRowsPerSegment` or `maxTotalRows` is reached or every `intermediateHandoffPeriod`, whichever happens first.|No|5000000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`maxRowsPerSegment`|Integer|The number of rows to aggregate into a segment; this number is post-aggregation rows. Handoff occurs when `maxRowsPerSegment` or `maxTotalRows` is reached or every `intermediateHandoffPeriod`, whichever happens first.|No|5000000|
```
not for this PR, but I feel like "aggregate" into a segment is not right. Aggregation implies the combining of multiple rows into a single row. Here, individual rows make it into the segment. I think the number of rows to store in a segment would be closer.

> |`maxRowsPerSegment`|Integer|The number of rows to aggregate into a segment; this number is post-aggregation rows. Handoff occurs when `maxRowsPerSegment` or `maxTotalRows` is reached or every `intermediateHandoffPeriod`, whichever happens first.|No|5000000|

Author: ```suggestion
|`maxRowsPerSegment`|Integer|The number of rows to store in a segment. This number is post-aggregation rows. Handoff occurs when `maxRowsPerSegment` or `maxTotalRows` is reached or every `intermediateHandoffPeriod`, whichever happens first.|No|5000000|
```
